Hey everyone, so here we're going to start
off talking about Android Multimedia as we
mentioned in the introduction.
So, developing an Android Multimedia, it
revolves mainly around these two classes,
the MediaPlayer class and
the AudioManager class.
So, MediaPlayer class,
will handle the audio or
video of your Android device so
you know you'd pass in a file and
it would use a correct codex
based on the file format,
if the Android device has
a correct codex otherwise it
would return to error something
like that and then it'll decode it.
Play it back or whatever you wanted to
do with that audio or video file, and
then that's basically for that class.
And finally, there's the other class is
the AudioManager class, so that is for
the Android device,
only has one speaker, normally.
So the operating system has to
decide what sounds can it play,
because if you have, say a YouTube
video and music playing, right?
And then you got the OS has to somehow
decide, do you want the YouTube video,
or do you want the the audio
from your music.
So that's where that comes in,
so you'd add it to your program,
make sure your program has
the highest level, and then so
your speakers will be
playing your program's audio.
So for example,
the you wouldn't want some random music
from another application playing.
You'd want the cell phone or the the
ringtone, if you're being called, playing.
So that's where this comes in and
feel free to go back to
the application added in.
And if you guys need extra help,
go ahead and
check out that link right there
on the developer Android page.
And that'll lead you to the direction
of how to implement and
use these two classes.
>> Well, we'll add that link
at the end of the lesson two.
>> We'll add that link later on too so
you guys can just easily click it.